README.md, before:

# JIRA version sorter

Python script to sort JIRA versions.  Sorts only numerical versions, separated
by periods.  Two-part and three-part versioning schemes are supported.  Examples
of supported JIRA version names:

- 100.42
- 2020.77.256

Tested only on JIRA server v7.1.6.

## Prerequisites
- python3 is installed.
- pip3 package `requests` is installed.
- Your JIRA account has permission to edit JIRA versions.
- You have a certificate file, needed to access the JIRA website.

## Usage
1. Manually make sure that all first builds (".0" at the end) are positioned
   properly.
2. You have to provide file `config.py` with following properties:
   ```
   my_user_name = "<your JIRA login>"
   jira_url = "<URL of the JIRA server>"
   verify = "path/to/certificate/file"
   ```
3. Choose which project to sort by uncommenting one of the lines at the bottom
   of `jira_versions.py`, or writing your own call to `clean_up_release()`.
4. Launch the script using `python3 jira_versions.py` or `./jira_versions.py`.
   The script will ask your JIRA password for authentication.

Commit message:

use new algorithm
Use the following API provided by user:

  - a predicate to filter the list of all JIRA versions, which would allow
    generating a lineage.  E.g.:

      def f(major, name):
          return name.contains(str(major))

  - a comparator for sorting a lineage
  - the script shall have some lib functions for predicates and comparators

in the following algorithm:

  1. Generate a lineage from all versions using the filter
  2. Sort the lineage using the comparator
  3. Use relative position between elements to detect misplaced
     elements in the list of all versions

While we're here, add flags.  `-t` runs tests, `-d` enables debug output.

README.md, after:

# JIRA version sorter

Python script to sort JIRA versions.  Sorts "lineages" of versions.  A lineage
is defined by user-provided predicate on the `name` of the version.  The sorting
is done using user-provided comparator.

Tested only on JIRA server v7.1.6.

## Prerequisites
- python3 is installed.
- pip3 package `requests` is installed.
- Your JIRA account has permission to edit JIRA versions.
- You have a certificate file, needed to access the JIRA website.

## Usage
1. Manually make sure that all first builds in a lineage are positioned
   properly.
2. You have to provide file `config.py` with following properties:
   ```
   my_user_name = "<your JIRA login>"
   jira_url = "<URL of the JIRA server>"
   verify = "path/to/certificate/file"
   ```
3. Choose which project to sort by uncommenting one of the lines at the bottom
   of `jira_versions.py`, or writing your own call to `clean_up_release()`.
4. Launch the script using `python3 jira_versions.py` or `./jira_versions.py`.
   The script will ask your JIRA password for authentication.
